Adaptive Financial Consulting

streams
co-variance
default methods interface vs abstract class
lambda expression
annonymous inner class - can use the variables of the encapsulated class if its final.
diff between ant and maven

Miki Travel

rest service for HCE
PCI Compliance
secure coding
soap vs rest
Can you Clone a class that does not implement Clonable interface? no, we get 
how to avoid cloning a singleton class  

New features in Java 7
Regex


CGI
restful client - code to securely connect
runnable vs future
collision in hash - it means there is a chance of duplication of the hashes for different objects
algorithms for mac, symmetric and assymetric - what u have used, when and how

restful client program
restful client secure connection
SDA, DDA, Offline PIN Enc - Detailing of the crypto builders, algorithms used, connecting with HSM, HSM functions used
card - terminal interaction - secure connection, threats

PCI Compliance - OWASP guidelines


TCS
Hibernate config to generate classes from oracle
JSF lifecycle

CGI-DCC
tell me some annotations in spring
Java CDI
RSA vs DSA algorithms
how to use both symmetric and assymetric keys for efficiency and security ? 

March 02 - solocal
visualvm - to debug deadlocks
jconsole - to debug deadlocks
readwritelock is not part of concurrenthashmap in java 8
how to create immutable objects and immutable collections
lizkov principle in solid
how to debug for deadlock?
how to share objects between threads? BlockingQueue and its implementations, exchanger
callable vs runnable
how get works in hashmap?
why should keys in hashmap has to be immutable ?
how to avoid cross site scripting and sql injection ?
weak reference vs soft reference  vs strong reference
runnable vs callable

March 07, solcal
CopyOnWrite/Read Lock?
ConcurrentHashMap
Fibonacci series
five ways of doing singleton
Factorial by recursion
Whitebox in Mockito is an api used to set values of the private variables

March 08, WJEC
Failfast (HashMap) and fail safe iterator (ConcurrentHashMap)
bean validation jsr 303
uml realization 
Type Erasure

March 09, JP Morgan

March 10, Expedia
Kafka - offset, partitioning
Kafka - Multiple consumers, Multiple instances of the same consumer spout, how is failover handled.
Storm - How does failover happen?
ArrayList vs LinkedList - performance of get, remove, put
How does hashcode for HashMap work for key objects that have the same hashcode ?
How immutable helps in HashMap keys? --  for mutable objects ,the hashCode() might be dependent on fields that could change, if this happens you wont be able to find the key (and its value) in the HashMap since hashCode() returns different value


March 14, JP Morgan
Spring Boot

OWASP top 10

March 14-18 Smart421
Dependecy injection and its usefulness in unit testing


bin/flume-ng avro-client -H localhost -p 41414 -F /usr/logs/10march2016/

Lets consider the big file with 1 Million records as 1mrecords.csv
upload 1mrecords.csv to HDFS.
Run the ImportTsv job to transform the file into multiple HFiles according to a pre-configured table.
Prepare and load the files in HBase.


oozie job -oozie http://localhost:8080/oozie -config job.properties -date 10-mar-2016 -run


March 21, 2016 Genpact interview - A very good collection of questions 
insertion order in hashmap, array list
union vs union all
types of advices in spring aop
spring kerberos authentication
green threads vs native threads
how to implement custom annotations
clustered index vs non clustered index
add cost for array list and linkedlist
how to implement linkedlist
deque
linkedhashmap - how does it work?
D in SOLID
Timestamp vs Version
what is pessimistic locking
how to implement optimistic locking yourself
country table has city and population. select the city with max population
covariance
interface, abstract class, private variable, private methods in UML notations
thread scope in spring
why is notify and notifyall in java.lang.Object and not elsewhere?
good practices for indexes in databases
tools used in oracle for oracle performance
what is stackoverflow error and how does it occur.
classnotfoundexception vs noclassdeffounderror
binary tree
Uses of immutable objects

April 04, 2016 LCH Clearnet
bucketing in hashcode -hashcode collision - IMPORTANT
array list has Object[] as the only member variable, new Object[initialCapacity] is done in constructor - see array list source code
linkedlist has LinkedList.Entry<E>, a header as the only member variable, header.next = header.previous = header in constructor
limitations of mockito - it is not possible to mock static methods, use PowerMockito.mockStatic
Difference between Where and Having in SQL

Difference between XML and JSON
April 06, 2016 18:00 Capgemini Interview . Panel : Arun Zachariah and Neil Adshead Leeds, 66752/ 5508
1 year 
back end developer
govt digital service - guidelines
leeds
web-spring mvc-freemarker-restful - microservices- dropwizard-jackson/jetty/json , metric
mockito
mongodb (small)

expand funtionality
integration
security
microservices-spring mvc
jenkins - deploy and ci
git
github
regression suite- python - robot, selenium

Show and Tell

April 06, 2016 Genpact Headstrong/ Morgan Stanley
Sort by more than one instance variables of a POJO in Java 7 and 8
  SELECT country1.countryname, COUNT(city1.city) AS citycount
  FROM City city1, Country country1 where country1.countryid = city1.countryid
  GROUP BY city1.countryid  HAVING citycount>3
  ); 

select countryname from country where countryid not in (select countryid from city)

country 
countryid
countryname

city
countryid
city  

unix - find files with the word exception
unix - find all the processes that consumes more than a memory limit


April 06, 2016, Smart 421, Aviva

April 08, 2016, British Gas
the parallel stream maintains threadpool with the number of threads equal to the number of processes. parallelization happens through threads.
spring boot - how to embed server to run with spring boot, how does the dependencyjar for spring boot look like - a single jar. 
yaml and properties only are supported for application.properties of spring boot
spring profiles are like dev, preprod for different configurations
application.properties
spring boot microservices
does restful api maintain session

Active MQ vs Kafka

April 18, 2016 Move Guides

user_pk, user id, username are the colouumns. the userid is duplicated. Write a select statement that finds the duplicated rows using count, exists and other subquery techniques.

The 
{}